I heard you shout the name of Concubine in your dream
Also mentioned Yunkai
It's time to let him know what he's done
I just had a nightmare
In my dream, I had a sister named Qianrong
He was forced to jump off the building by Yuan Kai
Yeah.
Don't be afraid
People can make you hurt
I will pay him back tenfold and hundredfold
In my dream
Sister Bing jumped off the building, not just from a distance
And your sister.
Ren Zhengxi
You think badly today.
Although Xixi is usually super blurry
But the people's view is definitely a grade
These are really trivial
I've been here several times.
Yan Chengguan still protected his sister
It seems that they want to give money as revenge
You can only rely on yourself